Add data processed info into dbt run logs for all statement types (#2530)
fishtown-analytics/dbt: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for renaming BigQuery relations ([#2520](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2520), [#2521](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/pull/2521))
- Added support for BigQuery authorized views ([#1718](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/1718), [#2517](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/pull/2517))
- Added support for altering BigQuery column types ([#2546](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2546), [#2547](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/pull/2547))

> - Format rows number in BigQuery plugin logs, [#2526](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2526)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include row counts and bytes processed in log output for all BigQuery statement types ([#2526](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2526))
```

### Fixes
- Fixed an error in create_adapter_plugins.py script when -dependency arg not passed ([#2507](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2507), [#2508](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/pull/2508))
- Remove misleading "Opening a new connection" log message in set_connection_name. ([#2511](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2511))

> - Now all the BigQuery statement types return the number of bytes processed ([#2526](https://github.com/fishtown-analytics/dbt/issues/2526)).

Reviewer: I think this is a feature! I suggested a change above to consolidate these two.
